[Autogenerated] Okay, so now we have Sam and code to play set up.
Let's look at how we can troubleshoot some of the some deployments on.
Have a look at Cloudwatch, too.
In this demo, we're going to cover the following.
We're going to have a look at the cloud watch events and
also the log day Aaron Cloudwatch Rico, deploy to.
Okay, so let's jump right in and let's take a look.
Okay, so here I am on the cloudwatch dashboard.
Let's jump over to the lock section here.
We can view some of the locks for our CO to play hook that we created earlier.
Unless take a look at one of them.
Now we can see here everything that's happening within our deployment.
So here we can see it test in our function that we deployed a nap Js on.
We can see that it returned the correct Jason that we wanted to see.
Ah, we can see everything.
Really.
We can have a look on me that I am that's attached to it.
We can see that when it was starting and when it finished,
whether it was a success or not.
So this would be a really good place to go and have a look.
If your deployments were failing from here,
you could get an error message and then you can fix
the code and then redeploy it.
Okay, so let's jump over to the events and have a quick look at that, too.
Similar to other modules, we can select our code of place service in here.
We can then are alerting for any events and actions that
happen that we've just seen in the looks.
This is great for us.
If we want to monitor deployments or, you know, we want to see what's going on.
It's a great little system Tau have in place.
I'm not going to cover it too much as we covered it up in previous modules.
So let's continue on.
Let's have a quick recap.
We just covered deploying code with Codedeploy and Lambda.
We prepared all the prerequisites that we need it.
Such a setting up the 81st Sam Cli.
Then we deployed to Lambda using eight of us Sam and we also update it.
We had a look at some of the application hooks that we can have in place to
test our applications on how that ties into codedeploy on.
We then had a look at the cloudwatch logs to see how we could debug our deployment.